IfcCableSegment Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:34:03.8145844Z (#153)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/f/FiberTubeColour_3m0FdinCDDhAUaT$zdvYyG/Documentation.md

> Indicates the color of the single fiber tube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates the colour of a single fiber tube.
```
